hi hello and welcome to show consultants
by its darkness
this is sharpen leash and in this
episode I'm going to bring to you an
issued speciality vegetable pot stickers
also known as veg dumplings I got
introduced to them when I came to the
United States and I just fell in love
with and the first time I ate them so
let's check out the ingredients quickly
I have here one tablespoon of scallions
or green onions half tablespoon of
ginger quarter tablespoon of garlic they
should be very finely chopped quarter
cup of carrots quarter cup of green bell
peppers or capsicum what a cup of bok
choy a little less than quarter cup of
broccoli some freshly chopped cilantro
1/8 cup of peanuts soy sauce sesame oil
now I'll be using almost 1/2 tablespoon
of soy sauce and 1/2 tablespoon of
sesame oil to get the vegetables fried
pasta core APIs now these are eggless
pasta carapace a stove what some black
pepper 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper here
salt some water to seal ends of the pot
sticker and so we find oil sunflower oil
here to fry the Porticus so that's it
quite a few ingredients but very easy
preparation so let's make particles I
have a nonstick skillet heating up with
1/2 tablespoon of sesame oil in goes
scallion ginger and garlic
clicks off and just going to dump in all
my vegetables
have some fun we're going to add the soy
sauce to make sure you keep in mind
I don't want one to vegetable so I'm
going to toss my stock here and faster
disco ball so these are my sauteed
vegetables
they've been sauteed in sesame oil and
soy sauce with some black pepper and
salt simple now I'm going to mix in
these peanuts and the freshly chopped
cilantro give it a quick toss the
peanuts give a good crunchiness to your
pot stickers better the reason why I
added peanuts here and the cilantro
gives a very fresh feeling that's it
give a quick taste test just to make
sure
salt is right for less profit so now I'm
gonna make the potstickers
take one wrapper
make sure you have some water close by
now
add a spoonful of vegetables with some
peanuts dip your index finger in water
and apply it in the border that's it now
just fold it
after folding it the water helps seal it
very simple that's it give it a press
give it a press
press
press and press that's a simple pot
sticker or a dumpling so from the
quantities mentioned I have got 11
pastas wrapped with the vegetables the
next step is going to be frying the pot
stickers so I have a nonstick skillet
heating up with two tablespoons of
refined oil sunflower oil here once the
oil gets hot I'm going to arrange the
pot stickers in the pan without all
crowding the pan oil is hot
it's been two minutes now let's check if
the bottom has turned Christy oh yeah
this is what I want this turned golden
and crispy without wasting any time add
quarter cups of water let the steam cook
the rest of the pod sticker let's check
back when the water evaporates I can see
that it is the community conference
which means it'll cook I'm just waiting
for the entire water to evaporate and
the bottom part is on electricity so my
reg pot sticker and the dipping sauce is
here already
um the pot stickers just took five to
six minutes took up completely look for
the water to evaporate and for the
crispy skin to form I can show you the
crispy skin so this is how the bottom of
your pot sticker should look see they're
crispy I'm gonna taste with my dipping
sauce now this is a ginger side dipping
sauce very easy depends house I've
posted the recipe for this in another
video so do check out ginger soy dipping
sauce recipe I'm going to give it to
taste
frugal coastal display please don't try
this recipe and let me know how it
turned out in the comment section below
try watching my channel if you really
liked it please keep watching and please
do subscribe so until I see my next
video